<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="tpc_notice">
    <title>Notice</title>
    <body>
        <section>
            <title>Names and Trademarks</title>
            <p>
                All company names, organization names, license names, and product names mentioned in this documentation
                are used for identification purposes only. A trademark is explicitly identified as registered or
                unregistered trademark only if required by appropriate guidelines or license terms.
            </p>
        </section>

        <section>
            <title>Warranty and Liability</title>
            <p>
                The covered open source software is used or made available WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
                without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The individual
                licenses may contain more details with respect to limitation of warranty or liability.
            </p>
            <p>
                The individual open source warranty or liability disclaimers indemnify the original authors of the
                individual components. Warranties and liabilities declared on the offering by ${organization.name} are
                subject to additional terms of use and are not affected (neither reduced nor extended) by the individual
                disclaimers of the used open source components.
            </p>
        </section>

        <section>
            <title>Availability of Source Code</title>
            <p>
                This software distribution annex covers the corresponding source code of the used open source components.
            </p>
            <p>
                In case you regard the provision of source code to be inaccurate or incomplete please address your
                source code request to your point of contact for the given software distribution
            </p>
            <p>
                Please note, that ${organization.name} is only obliged to make source code available in case the
                effective license demands such provisioning within a given period of time after you obtaining the
                software.
            </p>
        </section>

        <p>
        </p>
        <p>
        </p>

        <p>
            This documentation is protected by copyright ${document.copyright.year}, ${organization.name}.
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
